# SUCSS Committee meeting

## 16/10/17

### Welcome/Apologies

- Present
- * Josh Curry
- * Jamie Scott
- * Laurie Kirkcaldy
- * Tom Charter
- * Izzy Whistlecroft
- * David Young
- * Kajusz Dykiel
- Apologies

### Proposal of an EGM
- Review email from David on 06/10/17
- Review other discussions on this topic from the committee mailing list

### SUCSS and CSLib relationship
* CSLib is a resource for useful things where appropriate
* Josh and Jamie are in charge

### Welcome Meeting v2.0 update
- 105 people went, got positive feedback
- People wanted to access the challenges from home

### Session planning
- Decide on topic for session
- Elect a session leader, whose role is to organise the session and required resources
- Delegate tasks
- Session length
- * Session leader to set official end time of session (rooms are booked until 11 anyway)
- Use git for emails

### Session planning for 25/10/17
- Izzy to lead
- BASH
- * Basic directory structures
- * Shell primitives like piping, redirection

### GPG Keyparty
- Josh has code
- Vlad wants to run an actual party with food and companies

### Money from NGC
- Â£2000
- We should sort out the bank account
- * Izzy to choose a bank and take Josh and maybe Jamie to sort that out

### Social on 5/11
- UF are doing a free showing of *V for Vendetta*

### Denis social
- New film *The Death of Stalin* that has been banned in Russia

### Any other business
