---
title: SUCSS Committee Meeting Minutes
date: 2018-05-14
author: Dan Trickey
---

## Welcome / Apologies

- People Present:
    - Josh Curry
    - George Tucker
    - Josh Perriman
    - Dan Trickey
    - Laurie Kirkcaldy
    - Will Barber
    - Tom Charter
    - Phoebe Frered
    - Tim Stallard (Late)
    - Mohammed Nawabuddin (Late)

Meeting commences at 14:05

## Handover from previous committee

### Bank Account

Jamie needs to sign the account over to the new treasurer. Jamie also needs to sit down with Josh P and go through the paperwork. The £2000 grant that Izzy Whistlecroft got in February is now in the account.

### Social Media

Josh C has now added everybody to the social media pages and has generated passwords for the Blog / Wiki.

Josh C needs to give George access to the sucss@soton account

*ACTION POINT* Josh C needs to distribute passwords.
*DISCUSSION POINT* Do we need to / want to move the blog?

### Website

Jamie to go through the website details with George.

DNS and Domain Registrar need to be transferred. This will happen at a later date.

*ACTION POINT* George and Jamie to agree a time to meet.

### GitHub

Josh C has invited everybody to the GitHub organisation.

Josh C is going to try and get private repositories on the organisation to work on CTFs in.

### Mailing Lists

Josh C to update the `committee@sucss.org` mailing list

### Misc

Josh C to introduce Phoebe to Andrea.

We need to setup a central place to put slides.

SUCSS Google Drive Shared folder
*ACTION POINT* Josh or Jamie to share it with people

## Merch

Sticker order has not gone through, Josh C is doing it soon.

Mohammed is going to sort this and will be here throughout June.

- Hoodies
    - About £20-25 each
    - Price depends on what we have on them
- Softshells
    - Cost about twice as much

A poll will be run to find out what people want.

- Josh C is going to mock up designs and send out.
- In terms of payment, cash is easiest. Josh P is happy to receive money.
- We need to remember VAT
- Order period throughout exams, send order around 10/6

## Room for next year

We are quite happy with this year's one in 67. Josh C to book a room.
We should also enquire about the storage cupboard behind it.

## Inventory

Nobody knows who the extension leads belong to. Jamie currently holds them.

*ACTION POINT* Dan to setup an inventory
*ACTION POINT* Find the other WiFi equipment

## Sessions

### This Week

No session to be held this week.

### Ideas

- Hashcat
    - Jamie is interested in holding this.
    - *ACTION POINT* Jamie to liase with Phoebe / Dan about this.
- Denis Sesson
    - Jamie suggests buying a load of old ones on ebay.
    - Post exams
- MiFare
    - Cyber Security Group have some Yale MiFare locks

### The Future

*ACTION POINT* Dan to setup a Google Form and Sheet

- Castle Project
    - This is a replica of the iSolutions network
    - It is used for training
    - Jamie is going to get Josh a contact for it

## Flag Tracker

- Flag Tracker is going to be moved onto the web server.
- Committee are not allowed to compete
- Soton ADFS auth will be added.
- Data is going to be reset and an archive of 2017-18 to be made

## Misc

Josh and Dan are meeting Reena on Wednesday about running sessions for outreach.
