# SUCSS AGM 2017/18 Minutes

Date: 02/05/2018
Time: 18:00-20:00
Location: 67/1027

Agenda available [here](./agm-agenda.md)

## Introduction

Josh talked about what we've done as a society throughout the year.
- Lots more events than last year
- Loads more members!
- Josh then invited the other committee members to say what they had done - and then skipped them

Josh then went through the roles that are available to be run for and what they involve

Nomination rules were then went through according to consitution
- All emails were checked during the AGM for late-runners
- Questions have to be directed at all canditates

Flag tracker prizes were given out!
- George in 3rd got a NFC hacking tool
- Tim in 2nd got a wifi hacking dongle
- Josh P in 1st got a piece of paper with the details of his order as they hadn't arrived yet (lockpicks)

## Elections
### Webmaster
#### George Tucker
- He's george (Tucker), everyone knows him.
- Was StageSoc webmaster for a long time + has done other webmsater in other societies
- Been in and interested in the society for a while now
- Knows various web technologies

#### Questions
(Jamie) - You said everything was already there, does that mean you're not going to do anything?

> No, I'll fix things and build new stuff

(Jamie) - Favourite Programming Language

> Java

(Jamie) - What OS

> Manjaro Linux

(Jamie) - Are you a dick

> Massively

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour

> Tangerine

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why

> Mauve

(Dan) - Do you endourse the use of PHP?

> I do, because re-writing working programs is a pain in the ass.

#### Vote
- George - 14
- R.O.N. - 2
- 1 spoilt vote


### Events Officer (Social Sec)
#### Phoebe Frere
- going to bring to play Secret Hitler
- maybe one day we'll try another.
- Pizza is always a good thing

#### Questions
(Kajusz) - VR Games?

> Yes, we should run more

(Jamie) - What's favrouite language

> Microsoft Word

(Jamie) - What OS

> MS Paint

(Jamie) - Are you a dick

> Maybe

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour

> Green

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why

> Red, couldn't live up to the best colour of green

(George) - It's a wed evening, you're sat in the room, it's coming up to 9, you hear the word 'Takeaway', what do you say?

> Treasurer buying?

#### Vote
- Phoebe - 16
- R.O.N. - 1
- 1 spoilt vote

### Tech Officer
#### Viktor Barzin (nomination via email)

Hello everyone. I am Viktor - first year full time computer science student, software developer if need be, system administrator as a daytime hobby and hacker as nighttime one. 
I have been into tech since 2015. I have programmed in various languages - Python, C#, Java, Bash, C++, Lua, and some more exotic like Vimscript, Powershell and AutoIt. 
Recently, my focus has been on sysadmin stuff - my home lab consists of couple of esxi hosts each running a dozen of VMs with docker nodes. Some of the services I have setup up are apache and nginx instances, bind dns server, pfsense firewall, owncloud shared storage, openvpn server, a kms service to deal with windows licensing (totally legal of course!), zabbix monitoring and a few others.
I have competed in few CTFs with the latest being the Cambridge2Cambridge online qualifier where I finished in top 100 out of around 200 participants. Prior to that I competed in the Inter-Ace cyber security competition where my team finished in top 20. 
I strongly believe that given the background I have I will be able to deal with the challenges the Technical Officer position has to offer. If you also believe that I have the right experience for the position please vote for me!

#### Tim Stallard
- 1st Year CS student
- Likes doing stupid stuff with servers and networking
- Has done stuff professionally and as a hobby
- Has done BGP (actually works on the www)
- Loves doing tunnelly stuff
- Likes OpenSource (eg.linux) stuff
- If we could make the SUCSS software open source that'd be awesome

#### Questions

*(Viktor was unable to answer questions due to being absent)*

(Dan) - If you're too busy to do your role?

>Would not simply stop doing things, just have to prioritise

(Jamie) - will you make lots of nice Juicy CTFs?

>yes

(George) - How willing are you to do stuff the simple way

>It's good to do things the simple way sometimes, with good documentation

(Will) - what about hardware sessions?

>That sort of stuff could be interesting

(Andy) - what recent projects have you done?

>Registered with as an ISP

(Dan) - Can you documentation as ePub files?

>No, github markdown

(Jamie) - Favourite Programming Language

>~Javascript~ Bash

(Jamie) - What OS

>Debian

(Jamie) - Are you a dick

>No

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour

>Red

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why

>Red, because then you can colour the hoody

#### Vote
- Viktor - 0 
- Tim - 16
- R.O.N. - 1

### Treasurer
#### Izzy Whistlecroft (nomination via email)

I'm Izzy and I would like to nominate myself for the role of treasurer. Sorry I couldn't make it to the AGM, I'm going to the CRESTCON Security Conference, so am heading to London this evening. I'm currently studying for a PhD here in the Cyber Security group and am actively involved in the security community, frequently going to various competitions. These include two Inter-ACEs and a number of Cyber Security Challenge UK events, even making it to the national Masterclass final last year. I am also a student ambassador for Cyber Security Challenge UK and am keen to get more people involved in competitions and the security community outside of the University. I briefly held the role of treasurer for SUCSS last year, in that time securing Â£2000 in funding as a grant from Northrop Grumman. Due to my engagement with the community, I also feel that I am in a good position to get more involvement with the society from industry. I also see a number of grant application requests due to being part of the security group, which I would apply for if I were to be elected as treasurer.

#### Josh Perriman
- Currently managed funds for Toastrack
- Lots of areas to move into within SUCSS - but we need hardware, so would buy fun stuff
- Will lookout to more companys to do talks and give us money

#### Questions

*(Izzy was unable to answer questions due to being absent)*

(Dan) - If someone were to approach about buying sometihng that isn't SUCSS related, what would you say?

> No, unless it was SUCSS related and then it could be evaluated by the committee

(Kajetan) - Favourite Currency

> GBP

(Dan) - If you were too busy?

> Prioritisation, much of the management shouldn't take too long

(Jamie) - Favourite Programming Language

> Python	
(Jamie) - What OS

Arch

> (Jamie) - Are you a dick
I don't think so

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour

> Orange

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why

> White, because it goes with everything

#### Vote
- Izzy - 4
- Josh - 10
- R.O.N. - 1
- 3 spoilt/abstain votes

### Secretary
#### Dan Trickey
- Apparently pandoc does not do markdown text to speech
- He's dan, have been in SUCSS since september
- would like to 'actually' email people before running meetings
- would like to open up the sessions for other people to run sessions other than just committee
- Likes memes and GPG and linux

#### Questions

(Jamie) - Are you aware that this year that events have already been open for other people to run

> Let's not discuss that right now

(Chris) - How would you decide if two people want to run an event on the same day

> Pick out a hat, one person runs the first week, second the second week

(Andy) not very technical?

> Ok use, random.org

(Kajetan) What package manager and why?

> eopkg

(Dan) Would you do your job?

> Yes, they will be written up in markdown

(Laurie) Can you use latex?

> Can use pandoc

(Chris) do you feel that you may be sending too many emails with reminds, minutes etc?

> They will be tagged in the subject line

(George) What about sending out minutes with possibly sensitive information?

> GDPR comes into effect, no sensitive information will be shared out in the public minutes

(Jamie) - Favourite Programming Language

> Rust or QuestionScript

(Jamie) - What OS

> NixOS

(Jamie) - Are you a dick

> Depends on your definition of dick

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour

> Infra-Red

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why

> Red to annoy phoebe

(Jamie) - What if we put you infront of a revolving door

> I will be too busy

(Tim) - if you're hit by a revolving door and too busy to fulfill your duties?

> Will transfer to someone else able

#### Vote
- Dan Trickey - 13
- R.O.N. - 3
- 1 spoilt vote

### Vice-President
#### Laurie Kirkcaldy
- Hi I'm Laurie you might have seen me around, I've been the webmaster (not lol) for the last year.
- I've been the Annex Officer for StageSoc and seen lots of things and can deal with them (I think?)
- I've had a lot of reponsibilty before

Questions

(Dan) - If won will you die your hair 

> No

(Jamie) - Favourite Programming Language

> C#

(Jamie) - What OS

> Windows 10 64 bit with the enterpise isn't that bad with creators update

(Dan) - If you were too busy to fulfil your role, what would you do?

> I shouldn't be too busy as there isn't that much to do. I'm likely to do a PHD so should be relatively free
If I'm too busy president can take it up

(Dan) - so you're gunna palm it off

> no

(andy) - if pres isn't filled will you resign

> no, i could do it but i don't really want to, would carry on until agm and then sort it out

(Kajetan) - what south american country would you be

> spain

(Jamie) - Are you a dick

> I can be

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour

> Cobalt blue

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why

> Gold because it sometimes looks sparkly

#### Vote
- Laurie - 16
- R.O.N. - 2

### President
#### Josh Curry
- Run as president for the preivous year
- doulbe the amount events
- lots more activity
- Fun events during the year including drama in committee, but we've pulled through
- Is still here next year
- Like to take what we've done this year forward onto the next year
- Making the society more accessable with basic intros to stuff
- also other non-engineering faculties involved
- Been on committee for a while (2+ years)
- Also been at multiple competitions with our teams coming high (2/3rd)
- More social events

Questions

(George) - This year, the committee has gone through some interesting times putting certain people under a lot of pressure. How would > you plan to A) prevent this B) stop this sort of situation again

>Have spoken to many students and staff
It needs to be de-escalated - better to talk with each other and be open
Any problems should be put to a vote
People should say if they disagree

(Dan) - Ambitions for next year
> Run more hardware events
Radio
NFC
More commitee to be more active with running sessions
Sessions should be more owned by the people running them

(Laurie) - How will you work with the rest of committee to enable each member to work to the best of their ablity?
> Giving people stuff that they own rather than a group of people trying to all do it

(Chris) - If new people ran events, how would you maitain the accessability to new people?
> It would be advisable that they send it to the committee before the workshop to ensure that is useful for a wide range of abilities

(Dan) - If you were too busy to fulfil your role, how would you president?
> Already dealt with having many big deadlines at the same time
Important to distribute the load across the committee

(Kajetan) - What you do if one of the committee members could not fulfil their role?
> Also Ordinary member as StageSoc, so dealt with a lot of tension between people and mediating
equally, you can't let things slide too much - will realise when things are legitimate issues
Not appropriate also to just kick people off the committee as they've had loads of deadlines

(Kajetan) - What carbonated soft drink?
> Fanta (doesn't like the new extra-orange juice version)

(Jamie) - Favourite Programming Language
> Likes PHP
Python/Flask

(Jamie) - What OS
> MacOS

(Jamie) - Are you a dick
> It depends

(Jamie) - What's your favourite colour
> Blue

(Jamie) - if you were a crayon, what colour would you be and why
> The Green of Jamie's t-shirt as it's almost alpha-key green

#### Vote
- Josh - 16
- R.O.N. - 1
- 1 spoilt vote

## AOB
- A handover committee meeting will happen soon.
- Also, session will happen next week, there will be an email et cetera. It's going to be on wifi hacking. It will be in Seminar room Mountbatten.
